.TH BuildInvertedIsam 1 "22-Nov-2008" 
.SH NAME
buildInvertedIsam - Builds a set of inverted isam files for a static directory
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B buildInvertedIsam
\-d  \fIdirectory\fP \-o \fIoutput\fP
[\-e \fIextension\fP]  [\-s \fIstop list file\fP] [\-v]

.SH DESCRIPTION

.I buildInvertedIsam 
allows you to index a directory of files for rapid searching of
keywords. This set of programs is good for a directory of static
files. Ever time a new file is added to the directory the complete
index will need to be built.


.SH OPTIONS
.I buildInvertedIsam
accepts the following options:
.TP 8
.B \-d \fIdirectory\fP
The name of the directory that you want to index.
.TP 8
.B \-o \fIoutput\fP
Basename of the output files that will be created. Three files will be
created. The file with the 'if' extension is the index file and it
contains all of the keywords. The 'pf' extension is for the posting
file and contains the list of the files that contain the
keyword. Finally, the 'df' file contains a list of all of the
documents.
.TP 8
.B \-e \fIextension\fP
Allows you to index files that have a certain extension.
.TP 8
.B \-s \fIstop list file\fP
A stop list is a file of keywords separated by a newline. Each word
in the stop list file will not get indexed.
.TP 8
.B \-v 
Use verbose output while building the index files.


.SH SEE ALSO
.BR searchInvertedIsam
.SH COPYRIGHT
Jeremy English; 2008.
 
Permission to use, copy, modify, distribute, and sell this software
and its documentation for any purpose is hereby granted without fee,
provided that the above copyright notice appear in all copies and that
both that copyright notice and this permission notice appear in
supporting documentation.  No representations are made about the
suitability of this software for any purpose.  It is provided "as is"
without express or implied warranty.
.SH AUTHOR
Jeremy English; 2008.

